ALTER TABLE cra_acervo
ADD (
cra_acervo_dados_id VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_nome VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_endereco VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_cidade VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_estado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_cep VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_responsavel VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_telefone  VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_email VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_dados_data VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_16 VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_16_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_16_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_35 VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_35_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_35_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_8 VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_8_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_8_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_s8 VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_s8_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_s8_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_95 VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_95_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_95_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_outros VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_outros_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_bitola_outros_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_cor VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_cor_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_cor_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_pb VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_pb_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_negativo_pb_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_cor VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_cor_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_cor_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_pb VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_pb_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_contratipo_pb_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_cor VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_cor_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_cor_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_pb VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_pb_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_interpositivo_pb_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_cor VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_cor_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_cor_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_pb VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_pb_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_copia_pb_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_cor VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_cor_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_cor_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_pb VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_pb_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_pelicula_outros_pb_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_vhs VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_vhs_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_vhs_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_umatic VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_umatic_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_umatic_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_betamax VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_betamax_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_betamax_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_betacam VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_betacam_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_betacam_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_digital VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_digital_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_digital_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_dvd VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_dvd_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_dvd_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_video_outros VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_outros_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_video_outros_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_documentos VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_documentos_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_documentos_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_fotos VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_fotos_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_fotos_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_cartazes VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_cartazes_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_cartazes_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_audios VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_audios_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_audios_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_outros VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_outros_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_material_correlatados_outros_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_acervo_incorporado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_incorporado_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_incorporado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_acervo_catalogado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_catalogado_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_catalogado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_acervo_documentado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_documentado_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_documentado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_acervo_indexado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_indexado_qte VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_acervo_indexado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_banco_fichas VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_banco_fichas_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_banco_planilhas VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_banco_planilhas_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_banco_base VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_banco_base_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_banco_internet VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_banco_internet_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_banco_publico VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_banco_publico_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_deposito_apropriado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_deposito_apropriado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_deposito_climatizado VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_deposito_climatizado_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_deposito_arquivamento VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_deposito_arquivamento_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_deposito_embalagens VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_deposito_embalagens_obs TINYTEXT,
cra_acervo_deposito_mobiliario VARCHAR(90),
cra_acervo_deposito_mobiliario_obs TINYTEXT
)
